# Knowing-Your-Sentiment

Ongoing increase in wide-area network connectivity promise vastly augmented opportunities for collaboration and resource sharing. Now-a-days, various social networking sites like Twitter, Face book, MySpace, YouTube have gained so much popularity and we cannot ignore them. They allow people to build connection networks with other people in an easy and timely way and allow them to share various kinds of information and to use a set of services like picture sharing, blogs, wikis etc. With the rise of social networking epoch, there has been a surge of user generated content. Micro blogging sites have millions of people sharing their thoughts daily because of its characteristic short and simple manner of expression. Although Twitter may provision for an excellent channel for opinion creation and presentation, it poses newer and different challenges and the process is incomplete without adept tools for analyzing those opinions to expedite their consumption. Instigated by this the research carried out to use sentiment analysis to gauge the public mood and detect any rising antagonistic or negative feeling on social medias. The area of Sentiment Analysis intends to comprehend these opinions and distribute them into the categories like positive, negative, neutral. Sentiment analysis refers to the use of natural language processing, text analysis, computational linguistics, and biometrics to systematically identify, extract, quantify, and study affective states and subjective information. Sentiment analysis on Twitter posts is the next step in the field of sentiment analysis, as tweets give us a richer and more varied resource of opinions and sentiments that can be about anything from the latest phone they bought, movie they watched, political issues, religious views or the individuals state of mind. It is identifying the emotional tone in the series of words that make one tweet.
